MM-32232: Clarifications to Allow Untrusted Internal Connections config (#4327)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

> - When running a bot or webhook-based integration on your local network, you will need to add the hostname of the bot/integration to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When running a bot or webhook-based integration on your local network, you'll need to add the hostname of the bot/integration to this list.
```

> - If your network is configured in such a way that publicly accessible web pages or images are accessed by the Mattermost server using their internal IP address, the hostnames for those servers must be added to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your network is configured in such a way that publicly-accessible web pages or images are accessed by the Mattermost server using their internal IP address, the hostnames for those servers must be added to this list.
```

> This setting is a whitelist of local network addresses that can be requested by the Mattermost server. It is configured as a whitespace separated list of hostnames, IP addresses, and CIDR ranges that can be accessed such as ``webhooks.internal.example.com 127.0.0.1 10.0.16.0/28``. Since v5.9, the public IP of the Mattermost application server itself is also considered a reserved IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is a whitelist of local network addresses that can be requested by the Mattermost server. It's configured as a whitespace-separated list of hostnames, IP addresses, and CIDR ranges that can be accessed (such as ``webhooks.internal.example.com 127.0.0.1 10.0.16.0/28``). Since v5.9, the public IP of the Mattermost application server itself is also considered a reserved IP.
```

.. note::
   Use whitespaces instead of commas to list the hostnames, IP addresses, or CIDR ranges. For example: ``webhooks.internal.example.com 127.0.0.1 10.0.16.0/28``.

> IP address and domain name rules are applied before host resolution. CIDR rules are applied after host resolution, and only CIDR rules require DNS resolution. We try to match IP addresses and hostnames without even resolving. If that fails, we resolve using the local resolver (by reading the ``/etc/hosts`` file first), then check for matching CIDR rules. For example, if the domain "webhooks.internal.example.com" resolves to the IP address ``10.0.16.20``, a webhook with the URL "https://webhooks.internal.example.com/webhook" can be whitelisted using ``webhooks.internal.example.com`` or ``10.0.16.16/28``, but not ``10.0.16.20``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP address and domain name rules are applied before host resolution. CIDR rules are applied after host resolution, and only CIDR rules require DNS resolution. We try to match IP addresses and hostnames without even resolving. If that fails, we resolve using the local resolver (by reading the ``/etc/hosts`` file first), then check for matching CIDR rules. For example, if the domain "webhooks.internal.example.com" resolves to the IP address ``10.0.16.20``, a webhook with the URL "https://webhooks.internal.example.com/webhook" can be whitelisted using ``webhooks.internal.example.com`` or ``10.0.16.16/28``, but not ``10.0.16.20``.
```
